Hi and this is the solution to exercise 60 and you are asked to create a program that prints hello
repeatedly. Let me execute the script 60.
Hello hello hello.
This is being printed out every fraction of a second.
Actually the speed
if you're asking how often hello with the printed out,
well that depends on the speed of your processor.
And so this is the simple solution. We are using a while loop. While loop is another type of loop.
So we have for loops and we have while loops and this is a bit of an abstract concept.
So it was while true print hello and true is always true.
Therefore hello will be printed all the time and of course you can replace these to
I don't know, if while 1 is less than 2, print hello CTRL C to interrupt the script.
These again will be doing the same thing because one is less than two.
So your processor checks these every fraction of a second of a second and it does this action.
Actually Python checks it while your processor decides how often it can check it. This is about the
while loop and about exercise 60.
I'll talk to you later.
Thanks a lot!